hello d'anjou welcome to a video
which I normally never change my channel so
really the very first video i've ever seen
of this game on which channel
hello everyone knows it and me
am rich i have a signed up and i day
van maybe is nice and i have one
Look bought that is called Donald who runs
here around the back is very oh who is here
so who is that one and old
mac and spider dove was petted
full and I bought a bed here where
really run a lot you can all but
you can also do wallpaper oh yes that what
can you buy
to be able to buy you teaching
furniture I make a schedule
my furniture class furniture cabinet ikea and
then all the way down at spaces and
spaces viewers it is just because search
you can really how krini copy it is
really incredible
it is not normal, I'm like him
wallpapered I think all these like
as going to be
moscow we are also going to do weight big
and nice burqa look i hope also did some
is that what is it what is it
what is what you throw a ball there that
oh yes that observation
I have lots of gifts to look at and me
once there is someone in the bath and her pawn
ridges
on the toilet oh now send earlier in my
presents were the presents of their own
room are tree special i have team
what hour and therefore really where yes is
at the top with 34 people who can seriously do that
apparently more than 25 people
oh i know i'm famous in a sense
I know this game a lot but I also think so
still I 'm just going to be nice
oh i work my numbers number 1 and they
the owner will put my room in the room
becomes large room together becomes large
I have a bath now there are two people
in bath after I see that for a moment
not this is the people the ties with
each other we have a TV with a movie
look for me when I click twice
shit
nice so I happen and I continue
I am also going to build a garden and
this is the third room that i am going to make now
and he is therefore also working on a
room
and this becomes a darkride that did like
You see I have an idea that suddenly appears
there so and the benefit count
very cool and everyone comes in and
she may I wanted shaped dark red that
I make and I don't like the door yet
he is not yet ready how to do it
wait you have to
yes ok and and we shoot scene people
who spontaneously enter the attraction as
an acute amount goes on this fun
hello you are sitting too and she is the clown too
on 232 and who just ready to trophy
well nice well then you go back and this
is all arranged in the attraction
so that will be great fun you know
This is the first attraction
hello is now full of a nice video
don't forget to give a like like
you want to see more than I will build
and then you will certainly see that on
my channel dustin our first album
video from me
I thank everyone for participating
play with it because it was really cool
and until the time we found intention
have promised to have a gio
so that has to be done for now
this department how do we get this
video
ok yes where your friends list anyway
then of course you go on it
stage little room
you just have to backstage the camera
search then I will admit you there
okay this this off the lock on it
no you have to load yet I am looking for rooms
backstage yes they are a lot of backstage
look this room is still empty but then
you just have to go into that teleporter
here it comes in a pointer
stage than the rest can not have King
just go in there
yeah i'm in it oh holy crap what this thing
so uh moved all the drum set i want
play the drums
how do i get to just dream home
walk the stairs nice
I'm going to stand at the microphone fencer
to sing
well it's a nice ending and crazy
glory of god and as a child a fucking
fucking police large workspace
as already certain the light red is real
very cool you and until next time
very